NFLX AVOD Disclosure History				
Date	Disclosure			
				
3/8/22	NFLX CEO @ MS TMT			
	"No Plans for AVOD SKU: Benjamin Daniel Swinburne
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Yes. That makes sense. And I have to ask you about advertising. Otherwise, I won't be able to leave this room alive. So we had Disney here yesterday, they've obviously introduced the Disney Plus ad-supported tier as a way generally to lower the entry price, and we're seeing this with lots of services around the world. Any change to how you guys are thinking about advertising or not thinking about advertising as an option for Netflix?

Spencer Adam Neumann
Chief Financial Officer

I'd love to get like a show of hands if people like that decision, but I don't think I'll get it. Now for us, it's not like we have religion against advertising to be clear. I mean we're -- we said what we're focused is on building, optimizing for long-term revenue, big profit pools. And we want to do it in a way that is a great experience for our members, great for -- so we lean into consumer experience, consumer choice and what's great for our creators and storytellers."			
				
3/16/22	Paying to Share Netflix Outside Your Household			
	Our ease of use has confused people on how NFLX can be shared // In March 2017, Netflixs official Twitter account tweeted "love is sharing a password."			
	Testing 2 paid-sharing features (add an extra member, transfer profile to new acct) in Chile, Costa Rica and Peru			
				
4/19/22	1Q22 Earnings			
	"Disappointing Post-COVID Growth: our relatively
high household penetration - when including the large number of households sharing accounts -
combined with competition, is creating revenue growth headwinds"			
	"Focus on Reacceleration: In the near term though, we’re not growing revenue as fast as we’d like. COVID clouded the picture by
significantly increasing our growth in 2020, leading us to believe that most of our slowing growth in 2021
was due to the COVID pull forward"			
	1st: Underlying BB penetration out of NFLX control			
	2nd: 100M HH are borrowing (30M in UCAN) ontop of 222M payers today			
	"Began Testing Paid Sharing Early-21: So early last year we started testing different approaches to
monetize sharing "			
	"Introduced Paid-Features in March-22: introduced two new paid sharing features, where current members
have the choice to pay for additional households, in three markets in Latin America"			
	Financial Goals: DD % Revenue Growth and Expand Margins			
	"Announce Ads Launch and Looking at Hulu/DIS as model: ""And one way to increase the price spread is advertising on low-end plans and to have lower prices with advertising. And those who have followed Netflix know that I've been against the complexity of advertising and a big fan of the simplicity of subscription.

But as much I'm a fan of that, I'm a bigger fan of consumer choice. And allowing consumers who would like to have a lower price and are advertising-tolerant get what they want makes a lot of sense. So that's something we're looking at now. We're trying to figure out over the next year or 2. But think of us as quite open to offering even lower prices with advertising as a consumer choice."""			
				
6/22/22	NBCUniversal, Google Compete to Help Netflix Develop Ad-Backed Tier (WSJ)			
	CMCA, GOOG emerged as top contender for NFLX Ad Tech Build			
	CMCSA/FreeWheel: A partnership with NBCUniversal would likely be exclusive, the people familiar with the matter said. Comcast’s video ad unit, FreeWheel, would supply technology to help serve up ads, while NBCUniversal’s ad-sales team would help sell ads in the U.S. and Europe, the people said. A partnership with NBCUniversal would likely involve revenue-sharing, and one issue might be whether Netflix would be guaranteed a certain amount of revenue, they said. Linda Yaccarino, chairman of global advertising and partnerships for NBCUniversal, would be a major player in such a partnership.			
	"GOOG: Google brings to the table its own ad-serving technology and experience in video through YouTube and its online channel bundle, YouTube TV, people close to the discussions said. Google already has a commercial relationship with Netflix, which is a customer of its ad-buying tools, they said. It is likely Google would also pursue an exclusive arrangement.

“We are still in the early days of deciding how to launch a lower-priced, ad-supported option and no decisions have been made,” a Netflix representative said."			
	ROKU: ROKU has also had early talks with Netflix about ad partnerships, the people familiar with the matter said. The Information previously reported that Netflix talked to Comcast and Roku about getting help on technical infrastructure or ad sales.			
				
7/13/22	Netflix to Partner With Microsoft (Exclusive) on New Ad Supported Subscription Plan			
	In April we announced that we will introduce a new lower priced ad-supported subscription plan for consumers, in addition to our existing ads-free basic, standard and premium plans.			
	Today we are pleased to announce that we have selected Microsoft as our global advertising technology and sales partner. 			
				
7/18/22	An Update to Paid Sharing			
	Testing Paid-Sharing: Mar-22, launched "add extra members" in Chila, Costa Rica and Peru			
	Iterating Paid-Sharing: Aug-22, plan to "add a home" in Argentina, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras. 			
	After listening to consumer feedback, we’ve decided to sunset our “add a Home” feature in Argentina, the Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras.			
	We will instead focus on making it easy for borrowers, i.e. people who do not live in your household, to transfer their Netflix profile into their own account, and for sharers to manage their devices more easily and to create sub-accounts (“extra member”), if they want to pay for family or friends.			
	Paid Rollout Planned for Early-23: We will start rolling out these features more broadly in early 2023.			
				
7/19/22	2Q22 Earnings			
	Paid Sharing			
	"Good Early Signs from LATAM: We’re encouraged by our early learnings and ability to convert consumers to paid sharing in Latin
America"			
	"More N/T Than Advertising: our focus is as we've talked about these initiatives across paid sharing as well as advertising as ways to better monetize our viewing and grow members, as Greg said, advertising, as an example, it can do both. And we believe we can do this both in a revenue-accretive way as well as a profit-accretive way.

As we roll out a solution for paid sharing, that probably has a more near-term impact once we get to a solution that works, and there's not a lot of incremental expense to that. And then on the advertising side, we have some -- obviously some incremental costs that go against that business."			
				
	AVOD			
	MSFT Parntership: So all of the ads that are served on our ad-supported offering will come through Microsoft. So that's an exclusive arrangement with them. But one of the reasons that we're partnering with Microsoft, there's a bunch of fundamentals. They've got a technical capacity, which is complementary to ours, a go-to-market capacity which we need to leverage, and it will be very important for us.			
	ARM: initially the unit economics are going to be -- are quite good. So we don't sort of see this as sort of building in that, call it, CPM side so much more is that we're actually building the total amount of volume on those plans and then the total amount of revenue. 			
	Different Licensing Deal for Ads : Today, the vast majority of what people watch on Netflix, we can include in the ad-supported tier today. So there are some things that don't that we're in conversation with the studios on. 			
				
8/15/22	NFLX Seeking $65 CPMs (WSJ)			
	Netflix is seeking to charge advertisers roughly $65 for reaching 1,000 viewers, a measure known as CPM, or cost per thousand, the buyers said.			
	Cap on $20M Spend per Acct: Netflix wants to cap the amount any brand can spend annually on its platform at $20 million, in order to ensure that no brand advertises too much on the service			
	Jeremi Gorman and Peter Naylor Appointments: Since last week’s meetings with ad buyers, Netflix has appointed two new people to lead its ad effort: Jeremi Gorman and Peter Naylor, both of whom previously worked at Snap Inc. and whose appointments were announced Tuesday. 			
				
				
10/13/22	BWA Launch Announced			
	Launch Basic with Ads for November-22 at $6.99			
	Available in 12 countries (Australia, Brazil, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Korea, Mexico, Spain, the UK and the US.)			
	Partnership with DV and IAS starting in 1Q23			
	Our current plans and members will not be impacted. Basic with Ads complements our existing ad-free Basic, Standard and Premium plans.			
	Video quality up to 720p/HD (now for both our Basic with Ads and Basic plans--recent upgrade from 480p); average of 4 to 5 minutes of ads per hour			
	Nielsen will use Digital Ad Ratings (DAR) in the US and available 2023; eventually target audience reporting via Nielsen ONE Ads			
				
10/17/22	Launch Profile Transfer			
	Today, we’re launching Profile Transfer, a feature that lets people using your account transfer a profile — keeping the personalized recommendations, viewing history, My List, saved games, and other settings — when they start their own membership.  			
	i.e. Student graduating to their own account as an adult - keeps viewing history			
				
10/18/22	3Q22 Earnings			
	AVOD Commentary			
	Strong Day1 Demand: "And I would say that the initial demand that we're seeing is very strong. So people are very excited about the proposition of bringing their brands and their ads to a bunch of consumers around the world that are watching our shows. "			
	Nascent Early Capabilities: "And I would say that the initial demand that we're seeing is very strong. So people are very excited about the proposition of bringing their brands and their ads to a bunch of consumers around the world that are watching our shows. "I think it's also worth noting, though, that we're very much in the walk -- a crawl-walk-run kind of model that we talked about before we're sort of iteratively improving. And so we're building in a lot of capabilities over the next couple of quarters that we think are important to advertisers to make that advertising offering increasingly attractive and sort of check a bunch of boxes that they have."			
	Prioritize Fast GTM: "part of what we want to do is actually get this out to market quickly. And you could see we went from basically the point we announced it to delivering it in about 6 months, which has been a testament to a lot of hard work on internal teams and to Microsoft. But we do have relatively basic targeting capabilities in terms of contextual targeting, genre, et cetera. But that's sort of consistent with what we see with television as well, right"			
	AVOD Covers 50% of Revenue Base in 6 Months: "Doug, I might just add also just part of the innovation was just, for us, the business innovation of speed to market. As Greg said, getting from announced to launched within 6 months and to doing so in every region in which we operate, so 12 markets that represent well over half of our revenue today, so part of it is just that nimbleness and speed which hopefully will bring to our innovation path going forward as well."			
	Trade Down/Cannibalization: "I think it's important just to reiterate that we don't see a lot of plan switching on the existing plan set"			
	Lower Prices Lowers Churn: "generally, what we've seen is that, obviously, lower price helps with churn. And so I think that there'll be some positive dynamics there"			
	Current Ad Capabilities Similar to Linear: "Yes. I'd say when you look at the capabilities of our -- the current offering that we have as a publisher, I think we're mostly competitive with linear right now. Obviously, I think that we'll build into that over time. And a lot of what makes digital attractive will be part of our offering as we go."			
	Accretive Day 1 And Builds Over-time: "we believe this can be margin accretive over -- certainly margin accretive over time. It's going to be pretty small out of the gate."			
	ARM Positive-to-Neutral: "And then specifically with regard to ads, we modeled out essentially what we think the expected revenue is on a variety of different countries that we're launching in to make sure that in a combination of the subscription price that we're charging for Basic with Ads plus that anticipated monetization, we'd be roughly, call it, unit economics-wise, revenue positive to neutral. And then when we look at them, the fact that we think that this lower price will -- consumer basic price will bring in a lot more members, then we're quite confident in the long term that this will lead to a significant incremental revenue and profit stream"			
				
				
11/3/22	BWA US Launch at 9PM PT			
	Available in 12 countries (Australia, Brazil, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Korea, Mexico, Spain, the UK and the US.)			
	Anheuser-Busch InBev, the world's largest brewer, will run the first beer commercial on Netflix's new ad-supported tier, debuting Nov. 3.			
				
				
12/16/22	Supply Issues - Netflix lets advertisers take their money back after missing viewership targets			
	~20% miss on audience targets: The specific shortfall amounts vary by advertiser, but in some cases, Netflix has only delivered roughly 80% of the expected audience, said the executives.			
	“They can’t deliver. They don’t have enough inventory to deliver. So they’re literally giving the money back,” said one of the agency executives.			
	Pay on Delivery Deals: Netflix structured its initial ad deals on a “pay on delivery” basis, in which advertisers would end up only paying for the viewers they actually reached and Netflix would release any unspent ad dollars at the end of the quarter, per the agency executives			
	“I think we knew there was going to be a supply issue and they can only accommodate so much money,” said a fifth agency executive			
				
12/20/22	Antenna estimates 9% of NFLX US signups in November were AVOD			
	Antenna’s data suggests a modest start. Antenna finds that 9% of Netflix Sign-ups in the U.S. in November were to the “Basic with Ads” plan, making it the least popular of their plan options. 			
	In addition to the Basic with Ads Subscribers who signed-up for Netflix, Antenna observed 0.1% of Netflix’s existing U.S. Subscribers switching to the Basic with Ads plan in November.			
	Similarly, HBO Max saw a mild pickup when it first launched its ad-supported option in June 2021. As Antenna previously reported, 15% of HBO’s U.S. Sign-ups were for HBO Max With Ads in its launch month.			
				
				
1/19/23	4Q22 Earnings (1st Quarter w/o Formal Subscriber Guidance)			
	2-mo checkpoint: "it's 2 months. And I think the hardest part is actually that first step when you're crawling because you don't really know what exactly to expect as you get it going. And now with 2 months, we're ridiculously early, but we've learned a bunch already, I would say."			
	Est. 50% of Hulu subs are AVOD: "we would estimate, reason we obviously don't know exactly, but roughly half of their membership is on the ads tier. It's a multibillion dollar business for them already, and that's a domestic business, U.S. only"			
	Advertising target of 10%/$3B of Revenue: "So we're over $30 billion of revenue, almost $32 billion of revenue. in 2022. And we wouldn't get into a business like this if we didn't believe it could be bigger than at least 10% of our revenue"			
	Similar Engagement AVOD vs. SVOD: "The other, I'd say, pretty significantly fundamental thing is around engagement, and we see that engagement from ads plans users is comparable to sort of similar users on our non-ads plan"			
	Little Trade Down from High ARM SVOD: "We aren't seeing as expected much switching from high arm subscription plans like premium into our ads plan"			
				
				
2/8/23	An Update on Sharing			
	Initial Testing in LATAM and now Paid Sharing Rollout in 4 new countries: Starting today in Canada, New Zealand, Portugal and Spain. 			
				
4/18/23	1Q23 Earnings			
	Paid Sharing			
	Paid Sharing Launch in 4 Countries in 1Q23: Planning for US and broader rollout in 2Q23			
	Could have been launched broadly in 1Q but saw opportunities to improve the experience			
	Shift Paid Sharing from 1Q to 2Q: To implement these changes, we shifted out the timing of the broad launch from late Q1 to Q2			
	Some of the expected membership growth and revenue benefit will fall in Q3 rather than Q2			
				
	AVOD:			
	Upgrading AVOD: Better video quality and concurrent streams to 2			
	Identical Content: AVOD has 95% content parity globally (by viewing) as ad-free due to licensing deals			
	ARM: In the US, our AVOD already has a total ARM (subscription + ads) greater than our standard plan ($15.49)			
	Very Little Trade Down: we’ve seen very little switching from our standard and premium plans - engagement above expectations			
				
4/26/23	NFLX loses 1m subs in Spain after PW crackdown			
	Netflix launched its highly anticipated crackdown in Spain in Q1 of 2023. 			
	The immediate result was a loss of over 1 million users of the service, causing an instant impact on the company's bottom line.			
				
				
5/17/23	Netflix 2023 Upfront: Building a Forever Business			
	5M MAU globally			
	25% of signups in ad markets take AVOD (The Hollywood Reporter)			
	Ads Offering just 6-mo old			
	Upfront sponsor get access to 'Top 10' 			
	Nielsen ONE launch in 4Q23 which dedup audience metrics			
				
5/23/23	Paid Sharing in US launched today. $7.99/mo for extra member			
				
6/1/23	Positive 3P Signals on Paid Sharing - A First Look At The Impact of Netflix’s Password Sharing Crackdown			
	Single Biggest Sign Up Day in US after Paid-sharing: Since alerting subscribers in the United States that it would begin to curb password sharing on May 23, 2023, Netflix has had the four single largest days of U.S. user acquisition in the four and a half years that Antenna has been measuring the streaming service. Based on the most current data available, Netflix saw nearly 100,000 daily Sign-ups on both May 26 and May 27.			
				
6/23/23	NFLX quietly removed its basic streaming plan from Canada			
	As of the time of publication, Netflix Basic and Netflix Basic with ads are no longer listed on the brand's Plans and Pricing page			
	Completely missing and the latter renamed "Standard with ads.			
				
7/19/23	2Q23 Earnings			
	1Q we lowered prices in a number of less penetrated markets			
				
	Paid Sharing			
	In May launched 100+ countries representing 80% of revenue base; low cancel reaction			
	Today will address account sharing in remaining 20% of revenue base; but not offering extra member as we just cut prices (e.g. Indonesia, Croatia, Kenya and India)			
	Lapping price hikes in largest revenue markets since 1H22 and delaying b/c of paid sharing			
				
	AVOD			
	Sunset Basic Tier in Canada (Existing Unaffected): In Q2, we phased out our Basic ads-free plan for new and rejoining members in Canada (existing members on the Basic ads-free plan are unaffected)			
	US/UK Follows Sunset: We’re now doing the same in the US and the UK. We believe our entry prices in these countries – $6.99 in the US, £4.99 in the UK and $5.99 in Canada			
	Re-iterate ARM: Our overall ads ARM continues to be higher than basic ad free globally, same as statement on standard in terms of standard where the ad's higher -- higher than standard ad free in the U.S.			
	AVOD Users Are Well-Qualified: we're seeing them in terms of the members that are signing up, borrowers are spinning off right now, I would characterize them as well qualified. They are folks that have watched Netflix for a long period of time and they know how Netflix works, so they're behaving in terms of retention characteristics, churn characteristics like more higher tenure subscribers, which is good. That means better retention			
	AVOD 2x Q/Q: We grew ads plan membership almost 100% quarter-to-quarter.			
				
10/3/23	NFLX Ad Leadership Change			
	Jeremi Gormani is out with Amy Reinhard promoted as replacement			
				
				
10/18/23	3Q23 Earnings			
	Paid Sharing			
	"Anticipate Several Quarters of Rollout: ""So we're going to continue the rollout for the next couple of quarters, and I think folks are trying to figure out how much how much juice is left there. And I would say we anticipate that we will have incremental acquisition, incremental adds for the next several quarters. We've seen that in the last couple of quarters. I think also worth noting that, that was on top of also very healthy organic, meaning not driven by paid sharing growth.

So we anticipate seeing that for the next several quarters to come. And then just stepping back, there's a set of borrowers that we're not going to convert. We haven't converted yet. We're not going to convert over the next couple of quarters. But that really represents how we think about paid sharing going forward, which is it's now become part of just our standard way of operating. And we have many hundreds of millions of qualified households out there. They're smart TV households that we want to win over, over the next several years."""			
				
				
11/1/23	NFLX Ads Anniversary			
	15M global MAU			
	After starting with 15 & 30-sec ad slocks, we can do 10, 20 and 60-sec globally			
	With Launch of 'Top 10', advertisers can target most popular tv/films			
	Upgrade ads to 1080p from 720p, includes 2 concurrent streams and downloads			
	Sponsorships are now available in the US and will expand globally in 2024, with title, moment, and live sponsorships			
				
1/11/23	AVOD MAU Update			
	23m MAU Bberg			
				
1/23/24	4Q23 Earnings			
	Paid Sharing			
	"Anticipate Several Quarters of Rollout: ""So we're going to continue the rollout for the next couple of quarters, and I think folks are trying to figure out how much how much juice is left there. And I would say we anticipate that we will have incremental acquisition, incremental adds for the next several quarters. We've seen that in the last couple of quarters. I think also worth noting that, that was on top of also very healthy organic, meaning not driven by paid sharing growth.

So we anticipate seeing that for the next several quarters to come. And then just stepping back, there's a set of borrowers that we're not going to convert. We haven't converted yet. We're not going to convert over the next couple of quarters. But that really represents how we think about paid sharing going forward, which is it's now become part of just our standard way of operating. And we have many hundreds of millions of qualified households out there. They're smart TV households that we want to win over, over the next several years."""			
				
	AVOD			
	23M MAU (Jan-24): "Yes. Our top ads priority, you've heard us say before, I think you'll hear us say it again, is scale. We saw a 70% quarter-over-quarter growth last quarter. That's after 70% quarter-over-quarter for the quarter before and then 100% the quarter before that. So that's a good trajectory to be on. We're now at 23 million MAUs, and we see that continuing to grow in the quarters ahead. As to your point about what's the target, every market is different. There's not a magic MAU number, but I think it's fair to say that we've still got plenty of room to grow in all the markets that we operate in."			
	+70% q/q in 4Q23			
				
				
5/15/24	Netflix Upfront 2024: The Year of Growth and Momentum			
	NFLX AVOD has 40M global MAU, up from 5M a year ago			
	Over 40% of all signups in the ads countries now come from the ads plan. 			
	Netflix will launch an in-house advertising technology platform, by the end of 2025			
	Over 70% of Netflix’s AVOD members watch for more than 10hr/mo — which is 15% higher than the nearest competitor, according to Nielsen			
				
				
				
				
8/20/24	Netflix Closes Successful Upfront and Expands Advertiser Capabilities			
	Netflix’s 2nd year of Upfront negotiations			
	150%+ increase in upfront ad sales commitments over 2023, in-line with our expectations			
	Upfront commitments include investments from all key categories like CPG, Tech & Entertainment, Auto, QSR, and Retail.			
	Buyerx can now do private 1x1 marketplace deals with NFLX via TTD, DV360 or MSFT			
	Introduced GOOG's campaign manager 360 and Innovid for impression verification. Extended existing DV/IAS relationship			
	Programmatic buyers: Expe, Ford, TMUS, Mercedes, American Eagles			
				
				
11/12/24	NFLX AVOD hits 70M MAU (2YR Anniversary)			
	NFLX AVOD hits 70M MAU			
	"Now, over 50% of new Netflix sign-ups are for the ads plan in ad-supported countries. 

"			
	For the NFL live Christmas Day games, Netflix has sold out of all available in-game inventory for the two live games, partnering with multiple advertisers, including FanDuel and Verizon, among others.			
	Canada is officially our first country operating solely on Netflix’s ad tech, which offers our clients increased flexibility and control with their buys. 			
	After launching our programmatic offering in August, we’ve also enabled programmatic guaranteed buying in the US, Brazil, Canada, and Mexico. These capabilities will expand to Europe in February 2025 and to Australia, Japan and Korea later in the year. 			
				
2025	In-house ad tech platform			
	Test in Canada in November-24			
	Global Launch in 2025			   
